speed up a little bit and and drop huh
interesting
hey Christina watch this hey do that
again yeah I want I want casino watch
hey do it again yes but in a minute I
want to tell you why you just doing it
hey watch it
okay now speed up
okay so what are the mechanics forget
training what mechanics was it wasn't
the mechanics behind this forget forget
dog training this is not a dog training
issue yes okay so the drive is so high
but she has such short legs that she
can't that she has found a behavior and
hopping in order to keep up because her
legs are sore so that makes sense Linda
well she does look better when you go
slower but the moment you go beyond a
certain speed then she starts hopping
right yes I believe that she can walk
without hopping but I think she's also
adapted because honestly because she's
so short entered it can't be fixed yes
but it can't be hard walk in did you
need me for us
okay now speed up a little bit okay now
drop that just drop the ball
now don't bring it up try not to bring
it up just open your hand to let drop